1. MvCommand - make improvements to cmd
    - move multiple files (could add args for mv if used, allow multiple files)
    - move to a remote drive/pc
     Filesystem / Utility
2. HelpCommand - make imvprovement -> help <cmd>

// NOTE:
Apart from the current functionality of the commands, the args/flags and the process of using them will have to be refined

// NOTE:
Error coming from commands should be focusing on commands being failed.
If I have to read the cur wd while using touch cmd for example, if reading the wd fails, I shouldn't be returning an error that tells that touch failed cause it failed to read dirs as. But I'll have to think about that.

// NOTE:
When using touch, if a file already exists, the cmd will ask you if you'd like to overwrite the file. Command works as intended, but the problem is that after you hit Y or N, the cwd will be printed twice in the same line
DONE: Implemented another return as bool for supressing the cwd prompt in case Y/N is used.
In the main.go, Scanner was picking up \n leftover from Y/N and starting the loop again which in turn printed the cwd twice.

TODO:
Refine how args are used.
Should prob have a list of args for each command and define the behaviour depending on the arg/combination of args used.

TODO:
Work on a better welcome and goodbye messages.

TODO:
Potentially no need for supressPrompt anymore. Will need to investigate.

- Add colored success and error messages DONE:

Possible additions:
1. tree DONE:
    Print the directory structure.
2. touch DONE:
    Create a new empty file
3. cp DONE:
    Copy files. 
3.1. rm: DONE:
    Can add --force DONE:
4. head / tail
    Show the first or last N lines of a file.
5. grep DONE:
    Search for a string inside files.
6. wc DONE:
    Count lines, words, or bytes in a file.
    TODO: add flags such as -l for lines -w for words only -s for size only
7. count
    Custom version of wc with total file count, file type stats, etc.
8. find
    Find a file by name.
9. cl DONE:
    Clears the terminal.
10. history DONE: 
    List previous commands during this session.
    Added color that shows the command passed or failed DONE:
11. alias
    Save shortcuts for longer commands (like ls -a → ll).
12. prompt
    Change the CLI prompt (e.g. from cwd > to something custom).
13. zp DONE:

DEBUG:
- Sometimes it seems that the order of suggestions gets messed up when using the arrow keys leading to the same suggestion being highlighted again because it moves.
Need to investigate that.
- DONE: when hitting keys as ESC, the input displayed appears to show nothing, but it re-renders the input, and when you hit BSPACE it appears to delete "something"

TODO:
- DONE: make another file in inputpkg for handling the last used command with up arrow
if pos is 0 and you use up arrow, it should let you "scroll" through the history of command

DEBUG:
- DONE: the problem now is that if you scroll up through the history command and you hit TAB for autocomplete, the suggestions will be provided for the cmd that was executed the latest

DEBUG:
- implemented accepting an autocomplete suggestion
- issue:
    - if you try to autocomplete again, it doesn't works
    - DONE: - first input after selecting a suggestion is rendered, but it appears as it's moved back (possibly cursor value being decreased by 1)

TODO: 
- zp - currently, if unziping fils you would use -u to indicate it's the unzip action and -f for the files you want to unzip
- zp without -u is zipping the files added with -f
- a confusion might happen with those and I will somehow have to let the users know how to use -f with -u and without

NOTE: switched to Linux, have to keep in mind the functionality on Win

TODO: list of cmds updated for args
1. cat
2. cd
3. cp
4. cl
5. exit
6. grep
7. help
8. history
9. ls
10. mv
11. rm
12. rn
13. touch
14. tree DONE:
15. wc DONE:
16. zip DONE: